all right methods due to popular demand
we have created our own 50 hottest men
list and by we I mean me as food spot I
couldn't even introduce you yet Jesus
Christ calm your titties all let me say
no okay so iceberg
[Laughter]
alright now there's no need for any
uninspired talking right now so let's
just get right into this lift just for
extra funds ease I made the list
I didn't make the list everybody in the
house made the list and Mama and Mama's
man picked the pictures so they were
giggling all day so I'm assuming day was
being alright let's see what the damage
is
do you wanna say play I get tired of
saying it okay just like life it's not
hard I do it all time please all right
number one me no I don't know say what
no more Marlon Brando I the first thing
I'd probably like to say is what is he
eating
I'd like to think it's a fruit but
knowing him I can't imagine it don't be
hating on old fat Marlon it's an apple
is it doesn't seem to have a core it's
an apple I can't remember what I can't
even remember the Bible look at the
story of out of a need the fruit of good
and evil whatever the hell it was the
forbidden fruit that's what he's eating
cuz he look like Adam I mean doesn't
that look like the end-all be-all of men
he says Adam was sexy I don't know he
could have been but ugly oh we gotta go
off of his Dubai boy who the hell trust
that
he was naked so he could be butt ugly
number two what the hell that's not
number two - here begin modeling like
putting things in his mouth okay nothing
smoking literally yes what I'm gonna say
next
oh my god what the almighty guru nee
Laurence Olivier that is ladies and
gentlemen you are seeing the inspiration
for Lord Farquaad oh my god y'all are
just I figured y'all off you're all
cackling this ain't number two by the
way yeah this is number two y'all we're
all cackling when you were picking out
these pictures I knew I knew y'all was
getting ready to be some some bits all
right I need to be they are being okay
all right number three
Oh God Jesus okay Omar Sharif there's no
monster oh yeah Omar Sharif before Omar
Sharif Laurence Olivier is way harder
than Omar Sharif we'll get to him in a
minute I'm saying I'm just saying Omar
Sharif before Omar Sharif in this
picture alone
I got you thought that must actually
look nothing okay look if you take
clotting good if you take Clark Gable's
original teeth and put them in Laurence
Olivier's mouth that's all Marcia reef
all right is that all all right number
three Carrie
[Applause]
grant I was waiting for you to hit the
button number three Cary Grant oh Jesus
this looks familiar
oh my god okay good talk about Carrie
let's just look at Prince number fall
Prince okay now this is not his glory
days he wrong for that mustache he right
for the hair he right for the hair my
hair kinda look like your hair yeah if
your straightened it and pushed it out
yeah yeah okay let's see okay now I know
you're gonna have a real good picture of
Prince show me the real girl be the only
one no I was lived y'all been giving
nothing else for Prince you've know that
you didn't even get a picture up the
booty suit the yellow booty suit but you
know there's a cheetah pretty soon all
right number five that's Robert De Niro
that's Robert De Niro I I have now seen
this movie this is me he's playing at
cotton no this is taxi driver where I
think I think he's a psychopath I'm
pretty sure yeah I'd look look look okay
they wrong for picking this picture they
should have picked the one from
Godfather Part two because everybody
know how I feel about him in that movie
oh okay bow Robert I have no idea what's
coming up in this video that they made
okay even though we make the less we
forgot it which number is this I'm
losing count yeah who is this alright
never six Shema more I didn't forget who
she Maya Moore was I'm just derpy as
hell because it's late it's so easy to
miss say his name sure mama
sure mama exactly
all right thoughts identities
[Laughter]
my thoughts exactly
continue number seven Hugh Jackman Hugh
Jackman you coming Hugh Oh what is wrong
with y'all on oh no no I saw that
picture what was the first thing you saw
the first thing I saw was that mouth
hanging open - yeah and then I think the
second thing I saw was a dog yeah it's
funny cuz his mouth isn't even really
open but I think you imagined it being
open cuz that's how bad this picture was
worse is he uploaded it what's worse is
that there should be a tear coming out
of his eyes it's like when you you know
why he posted this he boasted the sign
look that no he posted this on Instagram
it's not him trying to look fat
it's like when you got a jelly roll so
you stopped making fat jokes
it's like saying I'm old before other
people say I'm old before they say
you're old
yeah exactly yeah exactly don't want to
say I'm yeah number eight
George Michael is it coming there is all
right now y'all and this is one of the
few men on this earth that I wish I
could look like what about you spud you
won't look like him no laughter I
believe you you arrogant all right what
was number nine is that all we have is
that all you have to say about George
Michael that's all I can say I mean you
know I mean enough said number we got a
lot of look at this mama's man we got a
lot of people to go through this is
Mama's man there's number nine number
nine Mama's man sensor right here Bruce
Lee ooh he like a flaming fist to the
face
number ten Yul Brynner bad mother
I don't know how okay this is I don't
like how many rings he's got it's funny
because if you look at this
face for too long and at the right angle
he's not good-looking but he's just so
[ __ ] bad-ass I mean I look they have
Steve McQueen on the other list and
Steve McQueen was not hot so we can put
your beretta in here for battery number
Paul Paul Newman yeah I'd say so
we're right yeah yeah yeah I think so
yeah yeah I see it
and I get it yeah their face is
disgustingly symmetrical don't you agree
like when I see that I'm like but that's
something you live in that's a [ __ ]
house that you even grew the same
numbers on each side of his head yeah
yeah it's exactly I'm surprised this
herring potted right down the middle
like his face is too ridiculously swear
I'm surprised he can all only you
couldn't only ever look straight Yeah
right exactly exactly yeah like you
should have existed on the equator half
on each side of the planet exactly ever
be looking straight only ever walk on it
that's that's ridiculous
just get the [ __ ] out of here Paul
number 12 James do you that's not good
that looks like a professor it does
maybe that's what happened maybe he went
made himself a magic potion and turned
into you know a hot James Dean oh my god
what is wrong with it what is wrong with
y'all hain't you know I I'll bet you
hipsters love him yes they do
I'm sure I hope they do but my god oh
jesus what what numbers I know it's
trying to depth which number is it I'm
sorry I'm just uh trying to ad for some
clarification they're trying to go all
right
oh my god number 13 there's number 13
Johnny
and Johnny no upper lip okay I don't
know that's just Oh what did he wash his
half of this event
better better okay now y'all y'all need
to know spud love him some Charlie
Chaplin all right now that's probably
why mama's man put this picture in there
because John washes probably people
think Johnny invented that would you
want bet I hope not
see I always used to think the original
scene was potatoes but then I saw in the
movie we really watched it I saw it was
rolls but now seeing that picture I
think it's potatoes in that scene I
think I think it's potatoes you can't
tell me they're not unless he said in
the movie
these are rolls it has to be potatoes is
no no okay sorry it's not potatoes
it's spuds next number 14 is almost
perfect teeth oh wait go back go back go
back
all right just keeps on keeps on
skipping around on us oh oh hold on no
no oh that tooth gap no I think the
first thing that scared me was our bear
you know what's funny does that bowtie
just scream swag you know see all right
now I'm looking at my eyes immediately
went to that armpit that's what I just
said yeah yeah breasts probably why
we're in sync
anyway my eyes went to that armpit
because I personally am a man who does
not let his armpit hair go astray I keep
it tended and I think I give old Marsha
props for being like me he it looks like
he didn't shave anything you know didn't
know look if you don't buzz that it's
all over the place that is clearly
maintained armpit right now good on you
Omar looks like he's got back here we're
not even talking about what makes these
men hot we're just like over analyzing
the pictures
the spray makes it look like it got back
here too that's why I last why looks
wild you know ya know and it's funny cuz
he looks wild with the hair but the
bowtie is like faux civilized yeah well
he can doctor all over Mozgov Argo
number 15 Frank Sinatra so oh girl
alright now this is one this is so weird
because this is what a mug shot of do to
you not that I know but but a mug shot
will make you look cooler than you
really are
I mean unless you all like cracks oh oh
I see what they did there they got
picture of his left ear yeah yeah I
couldn't get a picture of his right ear
and one that wasn't there to get a
picture of the left ear they like turn
front he turned to the left to show his
right ear and then they are like you
Frank turn to the left we go show your
bad side number 16 Montgomery Clift
that's still Frank what the hell is
wrong with you number 16 my girl was
left another man who I would trade looks
with really yeah I mean not dare well
you guys eyebrows he's a little bit
older there I'll thank you it's a never
it's a never-ending battle to keep them
to first you ruin everything
it's an artistic photo spud that's why
this is why you'll never make it looks
like if he tried to suck on it go
straight down don't it just be like one
pup miss go home okay Jimmy Dean here
yeah he does have a look yeah they all
look like that all all them look like
that look there's a little Hollywood
manufacturing plant where they just like
pop them little babies out and it broke
down many decades ago all right you are
introduces next one my boys getting
tired now Gibson yeah which number is a
number 17 Mel Gibson yeah bat oh okay
pause it right there because that looks
like the mascot for a brand of pizza
what is going on with his face there it
does
mel gibson's fall cheese deluxe I feel
like people when they go their facial
hair like that
they're waiting for people to laugh
they're like yeah my face to joke yeah
oh my god
number 80 blair Underwood yeah yeah yeah
yeah who got that autograph no my jaw
number 19 the dick gear that's all you
known for yeah yeah exactly my people
know for probably know I'll say so see
his hair was even white here I know you
know a few years ago I used to watch The
Nanny and I so I used to get him and
Maxwell Sheffield confused all the time
I think I did too yeah yeah yeah yeah
next number 20 Clark Gable oh that's bad
oh that's bad oh no mmm
all right he had to be charming cuz he
he got with some rich women if you look
like that you gotta be charming to get
old woman's money or maybe not
I've depends on how desperate Scrooge
frontin I don't
that's just a look knowing how he turned
out I'm just like man he really upped
his game
Pratt no no those ones on his original
teeth nope no yours deal's off yeah yep
oh yeah like like like look like one of
our relatives it was bad number 21
Patrick Swayze
what is wrong with this mom there's
nothing subsite five seconds to dead
yeah
that's not funny he died of cancer okay
yeah I thought the picture looked a bit
too modern that's his brother what the
hell I can say is thank God yeah you
kind of feel like yeah you know one of
them stars and Brian's bright fades the
fastest you know what I mean Oh Patrick
what could have been you so lucky you
gone I think might have turned into that
he would have turned into that there's
too much Swayze in that picture much
better much better I'm not good what are
you blind finally number 22 we can't
pick a bad picture this man Gene Kelly
how they gonna find one okay
can't get a bad picture of him I tried
yeah I mean you know I am I even tried
to attempt Photoshop to make a bad
picture yeah you didn't do you know I'm
not a fan of the pottery down the middle
hair but you know number 23 Novak
Djokovic I noticed I knew it I knew
there's too many goofy pictures of that
man look you just asking for it when you
pick a tennis player all right they
can't even walk correctly oh my god Paul
Noli oh you know he's gonna hit a return
winner oh you know okay now we wanted to
talk about this because I've said in the
past that he looks like Robert De Niro
young Robert De Niro and the Robert De
Niro illness of his face is what keeps
him from being ugly also he's number 23
on this list correct all right I'm
calling it right now - so how many
tennis majors he's ending with take it
off baby this is why I like to see him
win it's not even for the glory it's not
for the accomplishment it's for the
hairy kiddies
take it off roll like a beast and flaunt
your fur of people to hate you I love it
I don't know what this man has a wallet
but if he but if you do is a bad mother
call it number 24 not a bad picture
Scott Bakula posing for a magazine was
this Playgirl
yes yeah this was Playgirl he said that
yeah right yes yeah from the waist down
isn't him I thought yeah not the one of
him in his underwear yeah the one of him
in his underwear is fake that's somebody
else's package yep yeah yeah yeah he was
like the top half of me is good enough
yeah I love him number 25 is Enrique
Iglesias is their second pictures oh all
right now this is uh if you had him
looking at a picture of him looking to
the right and look all good this is low
as hell and I will tell y'all why
because Mama's man hates that mama love
and reek aid and he always call him old
man this is dick this is sabotage right
here that's what this is this is wrong
thank you see he had to mow remove even
he knew it was bad for him I mean look
at that man you can't tell me that thing
one cancerous look yeah I know
oh that's one of wife's health concerns
to eat now he mocking a man who could
have had cancer no man my look at that
man look at him he looked just like me
he's beautiful like looking in a damn
mirror I love it all right now we're
gonna take a little break here because
we're tired we're laughing we're really
not being productive in the least not
giving a reasonable explanation for why
these men are on the list no but they
are take our word for it if you disagree
with it you blind
we'll be right back